---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week we had only one lecture followed with a presentation from a company then a day off on friday.</p>
<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>The next week I'll have two projects, an Algo test, two home works and a paper due. So it's going to be hell!</p>
<b>What will I do next week?</b><br>
<p>The beginning of the week I'll be studying hard for the Algo test. Once that’s done I'll put all my attention on the projects. No gym for me this coming week.</p>
<hr>
<p>The company presentation was from Pariveda Solutions. The two guest speakers were Patrick Smith and James Song. James is a recent graduate with a major in MIS and Patrick graduated in 2004 in Aerospace engineering. This goes to show that in consulting, which Parveda is a consulting firm, as long as you can learn quickly, you can excel in this field. Pariveda focuses on small teams of 3 to 6 individuals. I assume to avoid diminishing returns. </p>

<p>The presentation went over the development life cycle and ways to make yourself more marketable in the job field. The development cycle consists of Strategies -> Development -> Testing -> Release and maintenance -> back to strategies. During the strategy phase they went over waterfall and scrum/Agile and the pros and cons of both. Waterfall avoids scope creep and has a me vs. them mentality. Scrum is more of an iterative approach with short cycles, better feedback, and more emphasis on building relationships.</p>

<p>They also went over a lot of the tools they use. Some of the task management tools are jra, excel and team foundation server. The communication tools they've used are Slack, Skype and email. The tools they used for version control are Git, Mercurial and Apache subversion. They stressed that each tool has its pros and cons and to just use best judgment to use the right tool for the task. </p>
<hr>

<b>Tip of the Week</b><br>
<p>I feel it is always important to keep your coding skills sharp. One good way of doing this is doing coding challenges that are available online like hackerrank.com</p>

