---
layout: post
title: Week Eleven
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week I survived! The two projects were turned in and I feel I did well on the Algo test. The month of November should be a little more manageable.</p>

<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>I feel that the front end aspect of our project needs a lot of work to look "beautiful". I hope to become an asset in this area.</p>

<b>What will I do next week?</b><br>
<p>Next week I'll focus on the front end of the class project.</p>

<hr>

<p>This week we focused on database calls, json and xml. I took a data management class last semester so most of the material isn't foreign to me. Xml is new to me and seems a bit confusing. I can see why json is more popular because of its simplicity. Json is very similar to a dict in Python. The json has key : value pairs where the value is a list of dicts. </p>

<p>The project is going very smoothly. We have some great project members. Having a good team can make or break your grade. I'm excited about presenting our project. We started the project with the search bar in mind so I feel the third stage of this project shouldn’t be too hard. I really do enjoy this project because it is exposing me to different aspects of software design that I didn't know about. The project is tying all the material I've learned these past few years together.</p>

<hr>

<b>Tip of the Week</b><br>
<p>With over half the semester over, keep the momentum going to come out successful in your classes. </p>


