---
layout: post
title: Week Fifteen
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week I took the last exam for SWE. The test was fair and Dr. Downing pointed us in the right direction on what to study for so there weren't any surprises. I feel that I Aced the exam and will hopefully leave the class with an A!</p>

<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>I had graduation this weekend but still have two more exams! Therefore I couldn't fully relax.</p>

<b>What will I do next week?</b><br>
<p>This next week I will take the last two exams then find a home to move to for me and my wife and start our new careers in Dallas!</p>

<hr>

<p>I have to say that I've really enjoyed this class as a whole. There were some times of stress and a feeling that I will not make it, but with hard work and termination there isn't anything I can't achieve. I really enjoyed that this class was well rounded and tied many of the pieces that I've been learning these past few years. The full stack project was a big plus to experience a full stack project. The quizzes were kind of challenging and a few, I felt, needed some more time to solve. 3 minutes can be a little short for a few of them.</p>

<p>Dr. Downing definitely knows his material. I really do appreciate how he makes us incorporate different technologies into the course work. During lecture I found it easier to just listen and try to absorb the material then look over the notes later in his Github repository. You have to really focus during class, especially if the material is new to you.</p>


