---
layout: post
title: Week Twelve
---

<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week was overall easy going. I got ahead on other course work and planned out how I will tackle the rest of the semester. The last two weeks will be hectic and fast paced. </p>

<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>Nothing is in my way for this class. Our project group will be meeting up this week to finish the project and make the front end look better. I'm a little lost on the class discussion so I'll spend more time on that material. The quizzes were kind of confusing and therefore haven't done well on last week’s quizzes. </p>

<b>What will I do next week?</b><br>
<p>This next week I'll focus on the project for this class and the course material for my Algo class. I will have two project presentations on the week of Thanksgiving. I'm thankful for this so I can get most of my course work done before the holidays! </p>

<hr>

<p>This past week in class we focused on refactoring. The example we worked on was how to write code and come up with a strategy pattern that best represents the activities of a movie, price, rental and customer. Focusing on writing code that makes sense and isn't redundant of time wasteful. Object oriented programming is very important to understand. I wrote a few programs that used object oriented programming and inherited from other classes. If you don't have a clear understanding of what you want each class to do, you can catch yourself writing unnecessary code. </p>

<hr>

<b>Tip of the Week</b><br>
<p>The end of the school semester is coming and its going to be hectic if you are taking a full load. So every now and then go outside and enjoy that beautiful weather that we rarely get here in central Texas. I have to myself force breaks in between studying so I don't get burnt out. </p>

