---
layout: post
title: Week One
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>I really didn't do much for this class other then get this blog page set up.</p>

<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>Nothing much in the way...excited about this semester!</p>


<b>What will I do next week?</b><br>
<p>Try to get ahead for all my classes.</p>


<hr>
<p>Given that this past week we only had one day of class, it's hard to write much about that day. I've heard from my peers who have taken this class before that you will learn a lot about full stack development... which I most definitely need. I know there will be a lot of work and a steep learning curve, but I am up for the challenge!  </p>

<p>Mr. Downing gave us a run down of the syllabus and a little of what to expect as far as projects, quizzes & assignments. There is a lot of technology that I will need to get familiar with for this class so I need to start early. When the professor asks the class a question, he calls on a specific student at random from the class roster to keep us on our toes and to make sure we are paying attention. No one wants to be that student caught off guard not paying attention in class! I use to teach high school so I feel that the professor is well organized and knows his material relating to the class.  </p>

<p>The class projects I’ve heard are labor intensive and it is crucial that you find good project team members. This next week I will be talking to my peers and finding people who are not procrastinators and want to attack problems head first. I’ve had bad project member before and I usually end up doing most of the work. Projects are great because you get to use what we learn in class. </p>

<hr>
<b>Tip of the Week</b><br>
<p>With interviews and recruiting coming up I found a great website to help me prepare for the technical questions! <a href="http://www.interviewcake.com">interviewcake.com</a></p>
  
