---
layout: post
title: Week Three
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week I worked on the Collatz project and learned alot about Python in class</p>

<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>Other class assignments! luckily I started early on everything so I'm managing.</p>


<b>What will I do next week?</b><br>
<p>This next week I'll start early on the next project when Dr. Downing assigns it.</p>


<hr>
<p>This past week I learned some new technologys and got more of an understanding about coverage and test cases. I'm really glad I signed up for this class because I'm learning alot within these first few weeks and things are just starting to click! Coverage is definatley a great idea that I've never really thought about before. Running test cases and writing them so that all of your code is working and hopefully finding an bugs that might arise later. </p>

<p>Dr. Downing really pushes hard on understanding the Python language. It may seem simple but when you really dig into the code, you can see how not understanding how data is stored, a bug can show up that you don't even know about. Understanding which types are immutable and which are not is important because you may thing that you changed something that both variables shcare but you only changed one of them because the second variable is a new copy.</p>

<p>Lastly, Dr. Downing really wants you to be active in class and on Piazza. He called on students who had little or no activity on the website. I laughed when he was doing that then thought... have I checked all the posts on Piazza? Also, pay attention in class, when he calls on you and you don't respond with correct obvious answers it definatly puts you on the spot!</p>

<hr>
<b>Tip of the Week</b><br>
<p>Don't procrastinate on the projects...I had a few last minute problems pop up. Thankfully I had time to fix them because I started early and caught these problems in time to fix them.</p>
