---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week I was more focused on my other classes because of exams and projects that were due this week. I've kept a good handle on course work and not falling behind. </p>

<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>Not much is in the way. I just need to start studying as soon as possible to be better prepared for the upcoming exam.</p>

<b>What will I do next week?</b><br>
<p>Study for the Exam.</p>

<hr>

<p>We focused on learning Python and all the tools and different ways of doing the same thing. I took a class specifically to learn Python and I feel that I'm understanding it more in Downing's class than the 1 credit Python class. The generators and list comprehension is still new to me so I hope after a good attempt to study the material I'll become very familiar with the terms. </p>

<p>I enjoy how Downing shows the different ways of implementing a solution to a problem. The best marker of how efficient a function or method performs is how long it takes to execute a body of code compared to the other approaches. Python's library of functions prove to be the most efficient. </p>

<p>I've made an effort to find good team members for the upcoming projects. Having good team members is crucial considering the extensive course work of UT's computer science department. I'm eager to start on the upcoming projects and start learning full stack programming, something that I've never done before.</p>

<hr>

<b>Tip of the Week</b><br>
<p>Start studying for the upcoming exam!</p>
