---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week we finished the first phase of the project. Everything still seems confusing in how everything connects and work with each other. The next phase will be another learning curve because we will have to use the API's to dynamically build the website. We also have more front end work to create a more beautiful website.</p>

<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>Nothing is in my way but a few exams for other classes. I'm going to focus on how we can create a better looking website. </p>

<b>What will I do next week?</b><br>
<p>This next week I will spend more time understanding all the working parts of the project. Also try to create a better user experience for our website.</p>

<hr>

<p>The project documentation and grading rubric were kind of confusing. We caught a few problems with our website last minute that could of really hurt our grade. Our website was functional but didn't mimic the carousel aspect that was needed. I'm surprised that no one else in my team caught it. I feel that even though we have seven project members, we each have to be proactive in the work and not rely on others to get the work done. Being away for the weekend for the Cancer checkup kind of put me behind because I wanted to use that time to really dive into the project.</p>

<p>In class we learned some database commands like select, join and union. Learning how to filter dictionaries will be crucial for the second part of our project. I took a data management last semester, so the material we are talking about is making sense. I just never knew how to right the code to execute those commands. </p>


<hr>

<b>Tip of the Week</b><br>
<p>Be proactive in group projects and be an asset to the group.</p>

