---
layout: post
title: Week Four
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>We started a new project predicting Netflix ratings.</p>

<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>Coming up with a solution that has a better RMSE of .95.</p>

<b>What will I do next week?</b><br>
<p>I plan on completing the project and study for my other class tests coming up.</p>

<hr>

<p>This week we started on the second project for the class. The project is from a real life coding challenge Netflix offered a few years ago. We are given a training set of ratings for movies from customers. With this training set we have to come up with an algorithm that predicts what a customer will rate a movie. We are learning how to pickle files for fast loading of caches. </p>

<p>I'm enjoying this project because I'm learning a lot about python and how to structure a project. He made us create this project from scratch. This allows us to learn all the ins and outs of a project like creating a make file. I learned how to read in web pages and create a dict with the information then dump that info into a pickle file. </p>

<p>We also had an individual from Bloomberg come in and give us a presentation on the company, work flow and some recruiting tips. This is another example of Dr. Downing's efforts to bring as much real world knowledge into the classroom. The Bloomberg employee gave a good tip when it comes to recruiting. He told us not to oversell yourself and if you don't know something to tell a recruiter and maybe layout how you would find the information for the question.</p>

<hr>

<b>Tip of the Week</b><br>
<p>Start early on the Netflix project, the class load is starting to get heavy.</p>
