---
layout: post
title: Week Eight
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week we decided on a food recipe generator and information website for our project topic. The project is covering a lot of material that I've never seen before so there will be a steep learning curve. I've been focusing on the API and working with Apiary.com.  From what I can tell this website allows you to create, document, and test an API. </p>

<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p> My other project in iOS Mobile Computing project and Algorithms coursework. The material in all my classes are getting complicated. </p>

<b>What will I do next week?</b><br>
<p>This next week I will finish two projects, three home works and study for a test. Won't be seeing much of my wife this week! </p>

<hr>

<p>This week in class we focused more on the Python language. We learned that a decorator, which dynamically alters the functionality of a function, method, or class without directly having to use a subclass or change the function of the code being decorated. The decorators make it obvious what is happening. You can also call wrap multiple decorators on a function.</p>

<p>The project is forcing us to find the data needed to understand and execute tasks needed to create a full stack website. I think the easiest part of the project was creating a name for our URL. The API content is very new to me and the documentation about creating one is vague. I understand the concept of asking for information and receiving it, but the code of how that is done is a mystery. We are signed up to access the API’s for spoonacular & Youtube. We hope to embed videos into our website. </p>

<p>This past weekend I had to head down to Houston for my six month cancer check up. It's always a stressful time going back to the hospital with a lot of low times. This and the school load is a bit overwhelming these few weeks.</p>

<hr>

<b>Tip of the Week</b><br>
<p>The project is going to be a lot of work so start early to make sure nothing pops up last minute.</p>

