
---
layout: post
title: Week Five
---
<b>What did I do this past week?</b><br>
<p>This past week we finished up the Netflix project and got the RMSE to .97. with all the other class work we were happy with that.</p>

<b>What's in my way?</b><br>
<p>I have a bunch of exams coming up so studying for those and keeping up with the school work will be a challenge.</p>

<b>What will I do next week?</b><br>
<p>Next week I plan on studying for the test coming up for this class. I will also be studying for my Algo test next week that I will have that week as well.</p>

<hr>

<p>This week we had a guest speaker, Alex Manzies, from NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL). I really enjoyed this presentation! He stated that good software is used by people by choice not coercion. So when designing software its important to ask the user what they want. This can be tricky because what the user wants isn't what’s needed. He mentioned the quote "milky, weak coffee". Insisting that people say they want strong coffee but they really want something else. So it is more important to build the right thing than to build the thing right.</p>

<p>Alex also emphasized that we should run a project like you about to run out of money, so its best to always have something ready. This is why they use Agile/Scrum for there projects with 1 to 3 week sprints; they will always have something to deliver. When splitting up the work into stories, its best if a story is between a half day to 2 days max. Also during the daily 15 minute stand up to actually stand up, this makes the group not get comfortable and prolong the short meeting.</p>

<p>JPL is definitely working on some cool stuff. He showed us a demo of some new technology that they have been working on where they use Mirosofts Hololens to map Mars terrain and are able to find all the images taken of a certain spot. It was really cool and makes me want to ultimate find a job that allows me to work on some cool stuff like that!</p>

<hr>

<b>Tip of the Week</b><br>
<p>Find that internship! Its going to be invaluable when you are looking for a full time job</p>

